Dec 1 2012

Sales or Financing: when they are active, use listing
concessions: amount not accurate
Basement & Finish: not accurent.
Garage/Carport: Detached, spelled wrong. Carport needs to be spelled out.
Amentities: when there is none, say None.



Paired Comparision:

two similar properties in the same neighborhood, with just 1 attribute different. 





8/1/2012

1.  Add Effective Date
2.  Add Plot
3.  Integrate Plot and Table
4.  Add Wintotal AutoIt Scripting!



Note to John for auto script for comps:

1. Not all column names are the same: eg. for HUD, there are DOM/CDOM, Kitchen, and Amentities. 
While for FNMA it's different.
2. sell price for sold comps, if not sold, listing price for listing
3. DOM or CDOM for listing
4. Verification source: MLS Data Bank and City/Cnty Records
5. Sales or financing: Ownership (Goverment or bank, REO; Private: could be ArmLth or 
    short sale, needs to look at the Remarks for clues. Also, Relcation Sale; Contract owned is Nonarmeslenenth)
6. cannot export remarks
7. Financing: for listing if Conventinal is lsited, always use it. and use 0 for listing. 
8. Date of Sale/Time: for sold, Settle, C and S,if contigent date not avialbe, use Pedning Date.  for listing, active
9. Location: By Default put in, N;Residential
10. Leashold/Fee Simple: Fee Simple By Default
11. Site has to come from County Recrods. Leave open unless when can import that too.
12. View: Same as Location.
13. Design: from Style. If it says: 1.5 Sty or 2 Sty or anything deal with Sty, put in Traditional. 
14. Always do "=0 " for Quality of construction and Condition. 
15. Age, if it's more than 1800, do the math
16. For Room Count, Do "#Total"for total, Upper and main Bed for Bdrms, Bathroom is tricky.
 we only count main and upper as well but it has to be in the format of X.X. So it will be Full Bath and Half Bath. 
17. GrossLivingArea use Square Footage.
18. Basement & Finish: Use Square footage from Basement Squre Footage. if none exists, use 0.
    if the square footage is not given, but a descripton of Full basement is present, use the GLA.
    Crawl space, use 0. Partial Basement use about 50% of GLA. 
    If Partial Finished is descripted in description enter about 30%-50% of the GLA.
    Look for Walk-Out, Walk-Up in Description, if not, enter interior only. 
    If the lower level bath room exists, always do partial finished baseemtn. 
19. Rooms Below Grade, Look for counts in Lower Beds, Low FUll and Half Bath, also, look for
    things in basement description for rooms.
20. Funcational Utility: ALways Average
21. Heating/Cooling: Look for Heat Sources and Heat: if Gas/Electrical exists and Forced Air exists, Enter GFWA
    Colling, if Central-Electric exists, enter Central. "GFWA/Central" or "EFWA/Central"
22. Energy Efficient Items: Always "Storm Sash"
23. Garage/Carport: Look for # first, in #garage or # carport. then in the parking description,
    tell what kind of parking. Look for Attached, Detached, Tuck-under, ask ying what to put in.
24. Porch/Patio/Deck: Look in Misc for information. 
25. DOM/CDOM: look for info in these fields to put in.
26. Kitchen: Put in "Normal"by default unless Updated or Custom Cabinetary is mentioned in Kitchen Desc.
27. Amentities: Look in Lot Description for "Fencing"or Partial Fencing, if exists, put in Fencing.
    Also, look for # Fireplace and Fireplace Type, if Non Funcion if mentioned, then do not count it.
    if not, count the fireplaces. So The End product shoudl be "Fencing" or "2 Fireplaces" or "FNC/2 FPLs"


Information to get from Tax Record:
1. Site: Lot Sq Ft.
2. Also, if no age information avaialbe from MLS sheet, use this.
3. If no GLA info from MLS, USe this. 
4. Date of Prior Sale: cannot be exported. 
